<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_ndr_cjb_qz">
 <title>Diversity Edu</title>
 <shortdesc>Diversity Edu is a research based, online course for students. The course is aimed to
  educate students and equip them with necessary skills to combat diversity and recognize biases and
  stereotypes within themselves and their community. </shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>Topics introduced in Diversity Edu include:</p>
  <ul>
   <li>Overview of InclusiveVT</li>
   <li>Defining diversity inclusively</li>
   <li>Engaging comfortably with difference</li>
   <li>Managing assumptions</li>
   <li>Searching for similarities</li>
   <li>Understanding the effects of stereotypical thinking</li>
   <li>Focusing on the impact of language and behavior choices</li>
   <li>Addressing microaggressions</li>
  </ul>
  <p>Typically, every first-year student and graduate student at Virginia Tech is asked to take this online course. Registration holds may be placed on these students if they do not complete their course by their specified deadline. The program typically takes only about 40 minutes to complete, and most students find it extremely helpful.</p>
  <p>DiversityEdu consists of short multiple choice self-assessments and other similar, interactive exercises. Three questions are type-in responses.</p>
  <p>DiversityEdu sets a framework for living out Ut Prosim (That I May Serve), the university's motto, and promotes the spirit of community, diversity, and excellence.</p>
  <p>Of the students that have completed DiversityEdu, 85 to 95 percent have found the course extremely useful. </p>
  <p>If you have more questions about this course, please visit http://www.dsa.vt.edu/onlineprograms/diversityedu.php</p>
  
 </conbody>
</concept>
