<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c-fs-diversity">
 <title>Diversity Development Program</title>
 <shortdesc>Diversity Development helps to enhance university-wide diversity and inclusion efforts that contribute to the core mission of Virginia Tech.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>The Office for Inclusion and Diversity collaborates with the Diversity Development Program in UOPD (University Organizational and Professional Development) to deliver workshops for all university employees. </p>
  
  <p>Created at the recommendation of the Task Force on Race and the Institution, Diversity Development provides a variety of educational experiences for all employees so they can positively influence their working and learning environments.</p>
  
  <p>The Diversity Development program:</p>
  
  <ul>
   
  <li>Engages faculty, staff, and administrators in campus-wide diversity and inclusion conversations.</li>
  <li>Helps to develop individual aptitude and knowledge to cultivate an environment of mutual respect and appreciation.</li>
  <li>Provides professional development opportunities to appreciate differing perspectives.</li>
  <li>Shifts the institutional culture to further embrace our differences and similarities and foster a more inclusive campus community.</li>
  <li>Includes full and half day workshops that cover a range of diversity topics and offer strategies for advancing inclusion.</li>
  <li>Offers three certificate levels that prepare participants to be change agents.</li>
  </ul>
 </conbody>
</concept>
