<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_rlm_ft3_tz">
  <title>Welcome to InclusiveVT!</title>
  <body>
    <p>On this site, you will find everything you need to know about how to get involved
      InclusiveVT. We look to better our campus and each other with this initiative, and hope you
      join the movement today!</p>
    <p>"As Vice President for Strategic Affairs and Vice Provost for Inclusion and Diversity, I am
      grateful for the amazing opportunity to work at Virginia Tech. I have found Tech to be a
      phenomenal institution, deeply committed to Ut Prosim (<i>that I may serve</i>) and committed
      to change, to sustainable transformation, and to actualizing its potential as a public
      land-grant institution. As a land grant, we have an obligation and responsibility to actualize
      the vision of providing access and education to our country’s most vulnerable populations, and
      to students with the potential and ability to transform the world through their talents,
      ideas, and voices. </p>
    <p>We recognize that we cannot meet the mandate of preparing students for service without
      equipping them with the tools and strategies they will need to work, live, and learn In a
      diverse and complex world. Today’s world is a world of many ideas, thoughts, perspectives,
      backgrounds, experiences, philosophies, and beliefs. It is a world of individuals with
      multiple identities – race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, ethnicity, gender identity,
      language, and ability. It is a world where some are privileged to serve and others are in
      positions to be in need of service, services, assistance, and support. It is a world that
      needs courageous and compassionate leaders who are committed to Ut Prosim (<i>that I may
        serve</i>), in the spirit of community, diversity, and excellence. With InclusiveVT and the
      Principles of Community as our core values, Virginia Tech is preparing leaders for the
      world."</p>
    <p>- Menah Pratt-Clarke, J.D., Ph.D.</p>
    <p>Vice President for Strategic Affairs and Vice Provost for Inclusion and Diversity</p>
  </body>
</topic>
