<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c-al-strongtogether">
 <title>Strong Together Initiative</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>The Strong Together Initiative is a new campus-wide effort to promote the values set forth in the Virginia Tech Principles of Community. The Strong Together Initiative will include a variety of programming and promotional efforts geared toward raising awareness and facilitating actions that reflect the values of the Principles of Community among students, staff, and faculty.</p>
    
    <p>How you can get involved:</p>
    
    <ul>
   
   <li>Support our Social Media efforts</li>
   
   <li>Like our Strong Together – Principles of Community Facebook page and watch for postings on upcoming events. </li>
   
   <li>Submit pictures, videos and reflections of your Strong Together moments or events to diversity@vt.edu. If you or your group has made a connection with someone from a background or perspective different than your own, both individuals or groups can submit a picture and joint reflection on what they gained from that experience.  We want to hear from both perspectives and share what each person or group gained from the connection.</li>
   
   <li>Spread the Word</li>
   
   <li>Strong Together shirts are available at the University Bookstore, which is a nonprofit corporation that returns all profits to Virginia Tech for student related scholarships and improvements. Two different shirts were printed: one with the word Strong, and the other with the word Together. The shirts are designed to create opportunities for making a connection with someone wearing the opposite shirt.</li>
    
  </ul>
   
   <p>For more information on the Principles of Community – Strong Together Initiative, send an e-mail to diversity@vt.edu.</p>
    
 </conbody>
</concept>
