<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="lw-tailgate">
 <title>Multicultural Tailgate</title>
 <shortdesc>Here is information related to our 2016 event.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>Join us for the 2016 Virginia Tech Multicultural Alumni Tailgate!  The party includes fun, food, trivia and drinks before the Virginia Tech football game against The University of Miami. All alumni are encouraged to attend.  Register online today; there is no on-site registration!</p>
   
   <p>**NOTE: TAILGATE UPDATE **</p>
   
   <p>Due to circumstances beyond our control, we have moved the location of the event, which has resulted in some additional changes.  Details are highlighted below.</p>
   
   <p>The tailgate will now be held at the Holtzman Alumni Center, on the patio and lawn, located at 901 Price’s Fork Rd. in Blacksburg.</p>
   
   <p>The space will be shared with the reunions for the classes of 1971 and 1976, though there will be designated seating for the multicultural tailgate.</p>
   
   <p>Catering will be shared and has resulted in a menu change. From 3:30 p.m.- 4:30 p.m., light refreshments will be available  until the full buffet opens at 4:40 p.m..  Menu items include: Cole Slaw, ratatouille salad, potato salad, pork barbecue, grilled chicken, rolls, cookies, brownies, non-alcoholic drinks, beer, cider, and wine.</p>
   
   <p>We will still have games, trivia, and prizes along with a special guest; our corps canine ambassador, Growley II (Call sign “Tank”) is scheduled to stop by between 4 and 4:30 p.m.!</p>
   
   <p>We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause and we truly hope to see you there.</p>
   
   
   
   <p>Cost:
     <ul>
     <li>$30 for adults</li>
     <li>$15 for children 10 years old and under</li>
     </ul>
   </p>
   <p>Advance registration is required and registration closes October 17, 2016. Registrants may also purchase game tickets through the site, while supplies last.</p>
   
   <p>For more information, contact Latanya Walker at  (540) 231-8970 latanya@vt.edu</p>
   <p>Game starts at 7:30pm</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
